Move i18n page to configuration and update service pages (#5300)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/services/wms/webadmin.rst

   WMS configuration options

Workspace
---------

Select :guilabel:`workspace` empty to configure global WMS settings.

> See section on :ref:`workspace_services` to override settings used WMTS :ref:`virtual_services`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See section on :ref:`workspace_services` to override settings used by WMS :ref:`virtual_services`.
```

Reviewer: Assume this is WMS (and WMTS is later).

Service Metadata
----------------

> Description of WMS service, see the section on :ref:`service_metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a description of WMS services, see the section on :ref:`service_metadata`.
```
